Add docs for primary constructors (#7236)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/language/functions.md

## Parameters

> 

Reviewer: Extra newline here?

<a id="the-main-function" aria-hidden="true"></a>

### Parameter modifiers

> In Dart 3.13 and later, you cannot use modifiers like `final` or `var` for normal function parameters.
> These keywords are now reserved exclusively for [primary constructors](/language/primary-constructors) to declare instance fields.
> 
> If you wish to enforce immutability for function parameters,
> use lints like [`parameter_assignments`](https://dart.dev/tools/linter-rules/parameter_assignments) instead of the `final` keyword in the signature.

Reviewer 2: - Add breaks to keep under 80 characters.
- Use link definitions.
- Use "Can't" instead of "cannot"
- Use the site relative path instead of full absolute url.

```suggestion
In Dart 3.13 and later,
you can't use modifiers like `final` or `var` for normal function parameters.
These keywords are now reserved exclusively for
[primary constructors][] to declare instance fields.

If you wish to enforce immutability for function parameters,
use lints like [`parameter_assignments`][] instead
of the `final` keyword in the signature.

[primary constructors]: /language/primary-constructors
[`parameter_assignments`]: /tools/linter-rules/parameter_assignments
```

Author: Oops sorry was going a bit too quick with this one! Thanks for catching all this
